ARE YOU READY TO CHANGE FROM THE BAD CONDITION YOU ARE TODAY AND BECOME AN OCCULTISM MEMBER TO GAIN WEALTH, POWERS, RICHES, PROTECTION, SUCCESS AND FAME IN ALL ASPECT OF LIFE? CALL +2348067941367 AND JOIN THE GREAT FREEMASONS CONFRATERNITY TO ACHIEVE YOUR DREAM IN LIFE WHAT ARE YOU WAITING FOR? JOIN US TODAY AND TURN YOUR DREAMS TO REALITY, WE ARE THE GREAT TEMPLE OF FREEMASONS CONFRATERNITY. IF you are interested in becoming an occult member to be rich, powerful, wealthy, successful and super famous call +2348067941367 Yes we guaranteed wealth for all our members. A life well lived is more than just money although the lack of money is often the source of much unhappiness. If we possess the same knowledge as the rich and powerful and use the same strategies and tactics, does it not also follow that we, too, can become rich and powerful? Think about it – take any millionaire and bankrupt him, take away everything he has and it won’t belong before he’s back on his feet and makes his next million, YOU DON”T NEED TO BLAME YOUR SELF IF YOU ARE BORN IN POOR FAMILY NOT YOUR FORTH BUT IF YOU DIE POOR IS YOUR FORTH SO THINK WISE DON”T FORGET THAT 30-MILLION WE CHANGE YOUR LIFE INSTANTLY CALL +2348067941367 OR EMAIL freemasonsconfraternity@gmail.com NOW TO MAKE YOUR WEALTH,PROTECTION,FAME IN AFRICA AFTER YOUR INITIATION THE MONEY YOU SEE Will SERVE YOU Do you want to be a member of the great FREEMASONS CONFRATERNITY we are going to make you rich famous and to be a world known star, get a good job, to win elections and get into a political power we are going to enrich you in all your endeavors empowerment and you will never loose any case in court or were ever, you will have powers to control people in high places email us now at freemasonsconfraternity@gmail.com or via cell phone +2348067941367 beware you must be 20 years and above if you know you are not interested never you attempt to this post be warned … Dear Friend and Seeker of the Classical African tradition, You live in a world shaped by women and men who sought greatness beyond the limitations of their own minds. It was their destiny to become more than merely human to become true masters over the winds of their lives.you need to know some secret things about this world we are leaving. FREEMASONS is not for everyone, but if it is for you, we welcome you. We are not a fan club, a pen-pal society, or a lonely hearts group. We are a group of dynamic individuals who stand forth as the ultimate underground alternative—the Alien Elite. We realize what we have, what we are, and what we shall become. Our scope is unlimited, and the extent of your involvement is based upon your own potential. All names and addresses are held in strict confidence and you are under no obligation as a Registered Member, unless you choose to present yourself for further consideration. registration into FREEMASONS is free, no fee is required. join this occult if you have the mind to do it remember that poverty is like marriage without sex for more info call+2348067941367 THE FREEMASONS  said Capital is money, capital is commodities. By virtue of it being value, it has acquired the occult ability to add value to itself. It brings forth living offspring, or, at the least, lays golden eggs. The road to freedom lies not through mysteries or occult performances, but through the intelligent use of spiritual forces and laws. In the seventeenth century, the science of medicine had not wholly cut asunder from astrology and necromancy; and the trusting Christian still believed in some occult influences, chiefly planetary, which governed not only his crops but his health and life. After all, film is so porous, and to my mind, so oddly occult, that I think that film itself absorbs odds energies like a living skin is Aqeerah brotherhood FOR MONEY RITUAL, WEALTH, FORTUNE, RICHES, INFLUENCE, POWER, SUCCESS AND PROTECTION, JOIN THE FREEMASONS CONFRATERNITY AND SHAKE HANDS WITH THE LORD SHANGHAI We are the first above-ground organization in history openly dedicated to the acceptance of Man’s true nature— that of a carnal beast, living in a cosmos which is permeated and motivated by the[b] Dark Force [/b]which we call Satan. Over the course of time, Man has called this Force by many names, and it has been reviled by those whose very nature causes them to be separate from this fountainhead of existence. They live in obsessive envy of we who exist by flowing naturally with the dread Prince of Darkness. It is for this reason that individuals who resonate with Satan have always been an alien elite, often outsiders in cultures whose masses pursue solace in an external deity. We magicians are our own gods, and we are the explorers of the Left-Hand Path. We do not bow down before the myths and fictions of the desiccated spiritual followers of the Right-Hand Path. Today, we continue to uphold our legacy by building on the solid foundation created by The Lord Shanga, and set forth in his writings, recordings, and videos. Since we were the first organization dedicated to him, we have had extensive media coverage and been referred to by several names over the course of over four decades: Aqeerah temple, is the first occult temple in Africa, before occult temple all over African today and the world, yet we maintain the simplest and boldest moniker, embodied. Contact us for more details call +2348067941367 FOR MONEY RITUAL, WEALTH, FORTUNE, RICHES, INFLUENCE, POWER, SUCCESS AND PROTECTION, JOIN THE FREEMASONS CONFRATERNITY AND SHAKE HANDS WITH THE LORD SHANGHAI THE GODS OF WEALTH AND RICHES. Its almost the age of civilization, enlightenment and technological advancement, and many old Occult and cultures that had ruled have been set aside, but the one thing that still links us with our forefathers is the great lengths we still go to make money. Money rules the day, but while our forefathers had more traditional means of making money, we have developed much more modern styles of making money. Many of us believe that the age of “Money Rituals” is over, but I am sorry to bust your bubble because it still exists in different shapes and sizes. What’s the definition of a Money ritual? Money Rituals are practices by some people who believe they can create wealth for individuals with the use of spells, charms, and sacrifices e.t.c. Money rituals can be traced to various parts of Africa, but it can also be seen in many countries such as India, Nigeria, Ghana and even the west, where people use animals for (sacrifices) without no body effect or human organs of their body, The result of all this is usually seen as “Blood Money” and was commonly attributed to different traditional Gods such as Shanghai (The spirit of wealth), e.t.c. Many people over the years have visited the temple of the FREEMASONS and today they are living in luxury life, and the news of people that have been successful as a member is over the place. Why do you have to sell your kidneys for iPad, iPhone and treasure, why not save your time and join the moving train today without no human blood or fresh, joining the the FREEMASONS CONFRATERNITY in Nigeria brings you into the land of the riches where all heart desires is guarantee in seven days. and do what your mate would not do and be in real cash and travel to any part of the world. For more details Call +2348067942367 FREEMASONS CONFRATERNITY Knowledge means knowledge which is "hidden", but it also means knowledge which is known. If it is knowledge that is known, there must be Those who know it; there could be no knowledge without the knowers of it. True occult knowledge can be obtained only by those who follow the path to it. That path was set down by Those Who Know; all who will may and can arrive at that knowledge. This is not a path open only to certain persons; it is open to every living human being, and limited only by the limitations we ourselves place around it through choice or through ignorance. Much is heard in the world today of what passes for "occult knowledge". Much experiment goes on under that name in various directions: we have societies for psychical and psychological research, and there is much talk of psychic and astral "experiences" and "communications" with the dead. All these various methods of research are from below, upwards, and will never find the goal. Scientific methods, psychological methods, the methods of the Spiritualists, alike proceed from particulars to universals. Particulars are infinite, and those who follow that path will inevitably get lost in its infinite ramifications, with no real knowledge gained. The goal is to be found from above, below -- from universals to particulars, and not the reverse. In all forms of Occultism there is a fundamental principle which cannot be transgressed, if any goal at all is to be reached. Every occult teacher must impress it upon his pupils, and it runs as follows: Every branch of knowledge which you seek only to enrich your own learning, only to accumulate treasure for yourself, leads you away from the Path: but all knowledge which you seek for working in the service of humanity and for the uplifting of the world, brings you a step forward. This law must be rigidly observed; nor is one a genuine disciple until he has adopted it as the guide for his whole life. In many occult schools this truth is expressed in the following short sentences. Every idea which does not become an ideal for you, slays a power in your soul: every idea which becomes an ideal creates within you living powers.to join us call the wise one on this number +2348067941367 or Email us on freemasonsconfraternity@gmail.com

+/ Are you a pastor, business man or woman, politician, civil engineer, civil servant, security officer, entrepreneur, Job seeker, poor or rich Seeking how to join a brotherhood for protection and wealth here's is your opportunity, but you should know there's no ritual without repercussions but with the right guidance and support from this great temple your destiny is certain to be changed for the better and equally protected depending if you're destined for greatness Call now for inquiry +2348067941367 COME JOIN HOME OF RICHES, FREEMASONS CONFRATERNITY FOR MONEY RITUAL IN AFRICA INDONESIA DUBAI MALAYSIA ITALY GERMANY TURKEY AUSTRALIA CALL NOW +2348067941367 CALL NOW +2348067941367 This page is for those who are seriously interested in FREEMANSON CONFRATERNITY People with prejudices and the mob should stay away from here: they would only toddle in darkness and be highly indignant. The described black magic rituals are not without danger and are consequently unsuitable for people who are not mentally in good constitution. Take heed to follow all instructions the way they are described. Without the necessary precautions every ritual will turn to your disadvantage, confusion and total destruction. On the contrary, by following the instructions with precision, you will achieve a complete success in all your enterprises. +2348067941367 Many today are seeking to join a secret society, the one that will give them back their hope and help them to achieve all the things they have wanted in life. They realize that they have lost their dreams and their ambitions. They have settled for a life of mediocrity. Sadly, many are disappointed, for real secret societies are rare, hard to find and even more difficult to join. The more well known have, over time, lost their own secrets and present merely a facade of mystical mumbo-jumbo without possessing any real substance.+2348067941367 There are no accidents and it is no coincidence that you have been led to The FREEMASON CONFRATERNITY The Brotherhood reaches out to help you and to offer the hand of friendship and hope. Contact spiritual Grandmaster now for your enquiries +2348067941367 FREEMANSON CONFRATERNITY knows that everyone has great potential but often many have lost their self-esteem and their desire for a better life. All of us know that we can be better than we are. We are not living up to our potential. Yet we have this fear to take chances, to venture into unfamiliar enterprises and territories. Contact spiritual Grandmaster now for your enquiries +2348067941367 Image for post D GREAT BROTHERHOOD has given many the courage, the confidence, the knowledge and the power they needed to change their life for the better. Becoming a Member of the D Great Brotherhood can give your life a new meaning and direction, and show you how to be happier and more fulfilled. FREEMASONS CONFRATERNITY offers simple solutions, a helping hand, and answers. It teaches the secret techniques and methods to become anything you wish to become. Image for post Every Member of FREEMASONS CONFRATERNITY is given the knowledge and the power to achieve all the success and riches of life that they have dreamed about. We invite anyone who wishes to forge the spirit of friendship in a true brotherhood of power to join us, to unite our power to your own. Join us and share in the Brotherhood’s closely-guarded secrets and circles of power & overflowing wealth. Call now for your enquiries +2348067941367 Image for post Becoming a Member of the D Great Brotherhood can give your life a new meaning and direction, and show you how to be happier and more fulfilled. FREEMASONS CONFRATERNITY offers simple solutions, a helping hand, and answers. It teaches the secret techniques and methods to become anything you wish to become. Image for post Every Member of FREEMANSON CONFRATERNITY is given the knowledge and the power to achieve all the success and riches of life that they have dreamed about. We invite anyone who wishes to forge the spirit of friendship in a true brotherhood of power to join us, to unite our power to your own. Join us and share in the Brotherhood’s closely-guarded secrets and circles of power & overflowing wealth. Call now for your enquiries +2348067941367 Image for post The Brotherhood is a legal, non-political, non-religious society whose sole interest is building a united brotherhood of members who help each other. It has nothing to do with fanciful z like the Illuminati. We have no desire to control others but only wish to gain control of our own lives and destiny. We are seeking that special wisdom and knowledge that would set us free from the ** bleep ** to dull and dreary everyday life, d strengthening us in body, mind and spirit, and bringing us the material rewards of wealth, love, and success ... FREEMANSON CONFRATERNITY is a true brotherhood of secret knowledge and power. +2348067941367
